feat: add content props to Pill component and deprecate label (#1404)
Jahia/moonstone: .chachalog/VGJDd3rU.md

---
# Allowed version bumps: patch, minor, major
"@jahia/moonstone": minor
---

> Add content props to Pill component and deprecate label  (#1404)

Reviewer: Suggestion to highlight the benefits of the changes and the consequences.
```suggestion
Add the prop `content` to the Pill component to allow more than just text, the prop label becomes deprecated (#1404)
```

> Add the prop `content` to the Pill component to allow more than just text, the prop label becomes deprecated (#1404)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the prop `content` to the `Pill` component to allow more than just text, the prop `label` becomes deprecated (#1404)
```
